.TH NETIFYD 8
.SH NAME
netifyd \- The Netify Agent
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Netify Agent provides visibility into traffic (flows) on your network along with the option to take an active role (on supported devices) in stopping/shaping undesirable traffic from recurring on your network.  Designed for network administrators, company management or even parents to gain insight into the traffic flowing on their network.  For more information, please visit: \fIhttp://www.netify.ai/\fR
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B netifyd
[\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR]
[\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-debug-ether-names\fR]
[\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-debug-uploads\fR]
[\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-disable-conntrack\fR]
[\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-disable-netlink\fR]
[\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-internal\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR]
[\fB\-E\fR, \fB\-\-external\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR]
[\fB\-A\fR, \fB\-\-device-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR]
[\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-serial\fR=\fIUUID\fR]
[\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-custom-match\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR]
[\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-content-match\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR]
[\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-host-match\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR]
.IR

.B netifyd
[\fB\-U\fR, \fB\-\-uuidgen\fR]
.IR

.B netifyd
[\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-protocols\fR]
.IR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B netifyd
provides visibility into the traffic on your network along with the option to take an active role (on supported platforms) in stopping/shaping undesirable traffic from recurring on a local area network.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-debug
Enable debug mode.  Remain in the foreground and emit debug messages.
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-debug-ether-names
Try to resolve MAC addresses to names using contents of /etc/ethers if available.
.TP
.BR \-D ", " \-\-debug-uploads
Emit JSON upload debug messages (client/server HTTP headers, etc).
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-disable-conntrack
Disable connection tracking support.  This option will disable IP NAT detection for flows captured from external interfaces.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-disable-netlink
Disable netlink support.  This option will disable the detection of IP address and routing changes.  The address and routing configuration for an interface must be supplied using the \-\-device-address=\fIADDRESS\fR option (described below).
.TP
.BR \-I ", " \-\-internal=\fIINTERFACE\fR
Capture packets on this internal (LAN) interface.  Can be specified more than once for multiple interfaces.
.TP
.BR \-E ", " \-\-external=\fIINTERFACE\fR
Capture packets on this external (WAN) interface.  Can be specified more than once for multiple interfaces.
.TP
.BR \-A ", " \-\-device-address=\fIADDRESS\fR
For interfaces receiving mirrored traffic, or when netlink is disabled or unavailable, use this to specify the addresses local to the previous interface (-I, or -E) parameter.  Can be specified more than once for multiple addresses.
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-config=\fICONFIG\fR
Specify an alternate configuration file.  Default: /etc/netifyd.conf
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-serial=\fIUUID\fR
Specify a client serial number (UUID).  Used for device identification with the Netify Cloud Sync server(s).  Normally, the auto-generated client UUID is used for this purpose.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-custom-match=\fIFILENAME\fR
Specify an alternate custom-match configuration file.
.TP
.BR \-C ", " \-\-content-match=\fIFILENAME\fR
Specify an alternate content-match configuration (CSV) file.
.TP
.BR \-H ", " \-\-host-match=\fIFILENAME\fR
Specify an alternate host-match configuration (CSV) file.
.TP
.BR \-U ", " \-\-uuidgen
Generate a client UUID.
.TP
.BR \-P ", " \-\-protocols
Display the current protocol and service ID list.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to: https://github.com/eglooca/netify-daemon/issues
.SH SEE ALSO
netifyd.conf(5)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2015-2018 eGloo Incorporated <\fIhttp://www.egloo.ca\fR>
.SH LICENSE
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

