.TH netifyd.conf 5
.SH NAME
netifyd.conf - Netify Agent configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
The netifyd.conf file contains configuration information for \fBnetifyd(8)\fR, a deep-packet inspection daemon.
.PP
The netifyd.conf file follows the standard INI-style file format.
.PP
The netifyd.conf file is used to configure the behaviour of the Netify daemon and set essential paramters of the Netify Clound Sync service.
.SH MAIN SECTION
The main server options are defined within the [\fBnetifyd\fR] section.
.PP
\fBdns_cache_ttl\fR=\fIINTEGER\fR
.PP
The \fBdns_cache_ttl\fR paramter can be set to override the default time interval that cached DNS answer records will be kept in memory.  The default time is 30 minutes.
.PP
\fBenable_netify_sink\fR=\fIBOOLEAN\fR
.PP
Uploading detection flow metadata to the Netify Portal can be enabled or disabled by setting the \fBenable_netify_sink\fR option.  When enabled, detection flow metadata is JSON-encoded, compressed, and uploaded to the Netify Sink server for further analysis and reporting.
.PP
\fBmax_backlog_kb\fR=\fIINTEGER\fR
.PP
Use \fBmax_backlog_kb\fR to set a limit on the size of the JSON upload buffer.  This is specified in kibibytes and the default is 2048 (2 MiB).  In the event that a payload can not be uploaded it will be queued until either it is successfully transfered or it is pushed out of the backlog buffer by a new payload.
.PP
\fBmax_tcp_pkts\fR=\fIINTEGER\fR
\fBmax_udp_pkts\fR=\fIINTEGER\fR
.PP
Normally these shouldn't be adjusted.  The defaults have been fine tuned for performance reasons.  These options control the number of packets that are examined by the DPI engine before taking a guess at the type of flow.  The smaller the value the less processing overhead but the less likely enough of a conversation will be analyzed resulting in fewer detections.  The larger the value, the greater processing overhead required.  The default values are 10 and 8 packets respectively.
.PP
\fBssl_use_tlsv1\fR=\fIBOOLEAN\fR
.PP
For some platforms it may be necessary to enforce the use of TLSv1.  The default is false.
.PP
\fBssl_verify_peer\fR=\fIBOOLEAN\fR
.PP
This option disables peer certificate validation.  You can use this option for testing against a server with a self-signed certificate.  The default is false.
.PP
\fBupdate_interval\fR=\fISECONDS\fR
.PP
Specifiy the number of seconds between update intervals.  The default and recommended value is 15 seconds.
.PP
\fBuuid\fR=\fIUUID\fR
.PP
A client UUID is a base-35 alpha-numeric string (0-9, A-N, P-Z) comprised of 8 digits in four groups of two seperated by dashes.  The letter "\fUO\fR" is removed to avoid confusion with zero "\fU0\fR".  A client UUID example: 00-11-AB-YZ  You can use \fBnetifyd(8)\fR to generate a random UUID:

.nf
# netifyd -U
.fi

The client UUID is used by the Netify Portal to provision a site to a realm.
.PP
\fBuuid_serial\fR=\fIUUID\fR
.PP
Specify an supplemental UUID (serial number).  This is usually taken from the device hardware, such as a BIOS UUID or MAC address, or a hash of several unique system properties.  Normally only the client UUID is needed.  There is no default value.
.SH DNS CACHE SECTION
DNS hint cache options are set within the [\fBdns_cache\fR] section.

The DNS hint cache stores DNS response records for a period of time.  These hints are used when application detection fails.  A cache look-up is performed and any matching hostname is used to 'hint' the application detection logic.  In most cases this significantly improves application detection.
.PP
\fBenable\fR=\fIBOOLEAN\fR
.PP
Enable or disable the DNS hint cache.  The default is false.  On non-embedded systems with more memory, it is highly recommended that this be enabled for more comprehensive application detection.
.PP
\fBsave\fR=\fIBOOLEAN\fR
.PP
Enable or disable periodic saving of the DNS hint cache.  The default is false.  When reasonably fast storage (hard-drive, fast flash, or sufficiently large RAM disk) is available this option should be enabled.  In the event of a program crash/reload, or system reboot, the DNS hint cache will be primed on start-up.  This prevents failed application detection due to missed DNS responses.
.PP
\fBcache_ttl\fR=\fISECONDS\fR
.PP
The number of seconds DNS hints should be cached.  New hints will have their initial TTL set to this value.  Existing hints will have their TTL reset to this value on a cache hit (look-up match).  This value should be adjusted according to available memory and network traffic.  Larger networks will generate significantly more DNS traffic.  The default value is 30 minutes (1800 seconds).
.SH SOCKET SECTION
All socket related configuration options are specified under the [\fBsocket\fR] section.

The Netify Agent can be configured to listen on one or more sockets (TCP/IP socket, or UNIX-domain socket).  Upon a client connection, \fBnetifyd(8)\fR will pass real-time JSON-encoded flow detections.  This is designed for interfacing with third-party applications.  Take care to protect these sockets as there is no authentication or encryption performed.

Declare these paramters as arrays with a starting index[\fIn\fR] of zero.
.PP
\fBsocket_path\fR[\fIn\fR]=\fIPATH\fR
.PP
Create a UNIX-domain socket at \fIPATH\fR for incoming client connections.
.PP
\fBsocket_address\fR[\fIn\fR]\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR
.PP
Create and bind a TCP/IP socket on \fIADDRESS\fR for incoming network connections.
.PP
\fBsocket_port\fR[\fIn\fR]\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR|\fIPORT\fR]
.PP
For TCP/IP sockets, you can specify a corresponding \fISERVICE\fR or \fIPORT\fR.  If not specified, the default TCP port 7150 is used.
.SH PRIVACY FILTER SECTION
The Netify Agent can be configured to obfuscate flow addresses (MAC and IP) that match rules in the [\fBprivacy_filter\fR] section.  You can match by MAC or IP address.  When a match is found, the MAC and IP address will be replaced with the following bogus addresses:

 \fBMAC\fR: 01:02:03:04:05:06 (lower addresses) 0a:0b:0c:0d:0e:0f (upper addresses)

 \fBIPv4\fR: 1.2.3.1 (lower addresses) 1.2.3.2 (upper addresses)
 \fBIPv6\fR: 1230::1 (lower addresses) 1230::2 (upper addresses)

Declare these paramters as arrays with a starting index[\fIn\fR] of zero.
.PP
\fBmac\fR[\fIn\fR]\fR=\fIMAC\fR
.PP
Privacy filter by MAC address.
.PP
\fBhost\fR[\fIn\fR]\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR
.PP
Privacy filter by IP address.
.SH SAMPLE
The following sample configuration file contains all possible options.

.nf
# Netify Agent sample configuration

[netifyd]
enable_netify_sink = true
max_backlog_kb = 2048
max_tcp_pkts = 10
max_udp_pkts = 8
ssl_use_tlsv1 = false
ssl_verify_peer = true
update_interval = 15
uuid = 00-00-00-00
uuid_serial = abc123

[dns_cache]
enable = true
save = true
cache_ttl = 1800

[socket]
listen_path[0] = /var/lib/netifyd/netifyd.sock
listen_address[0] = 0.0.0.0
listen_port[0] = 7150

[privacy_filter]
mac[0] = 00:11:22:33:44:55
host[0] = 192.168.0.1
host[1] = fe80::226:c6ff::1
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
netifyd(8)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2015-2017 eGloo Incorporated <http://www.egloo.ca>
.SH LICENSE
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
